Setting up a git and github repository

1. Go to Github.
2. Click on the "New Repository" button.
2a. Give it a name.
2b. Provide Description
2c. Ignore public vs private and any initilize options.
2d. Click "create repository"
3. Follow the "…or create a new repository on the command line" instructions:
3a. Open the command prompt. (windows key + r, then cmd)
3b. change directories to desktop
3c. Make a new directory that shares the name of your repository (use mkdir to create new directory)
3c part II, cd into your new repository.
3d. Now follow the instructions...
3e. Copy and paste into your command prompt, "echo "# StoryTimeSteve" >> README.md" and press enter.
3f. Remember that silence is golden in the terminal environment.
3g. Copy and paste into your command prompt, "git init" and press enter.
3h. It tells you, "Initialized empty Git repository in C:/Users/LAB/Desktop/StoryTimeSteve/.git/"
3i. Copy and paste into your command prompt, "git add README.md" and press enter.
3j. Remember that silence is golden in the terminal environment.
3k. Copy and paste into your command prompt, "git commit -m "first commit"" and press enter.
3l. Any warning may be ignored, errors must be fixed. If you can't commit because of an error, you will need to put in your user name and email.
3m. Copy and paste into your command prompt, "git remote add origin https://github.com/jeremy-evert/StoryTimeSteve.git" and press enter.
3n. Copy and paste into your command prompt, "git push -u origin master" and press enter.

4. Now we use our repository.
4a. Open a new notepad.
4b. Save the file to our new repository folder.
4c. Add some text to the file.
4d. in the command prompt, "git add ."
4e. in the command prompt, "git commit -m "added some more text.""
4f. in the command prompt, "git push"
4f part II, in the command prompt, type "exit"
4g. delete the folder from the desktop.
4h. empty the trash.
4i. Make a new folder on the destop that is called "storytimeSecondAttempt".
4j. In the command prompt, cd into your new folder
4k. Copy your new address from github. (you will need to refresh your page)
4l. paste your new address into the command prompt after you type, "git clone."
4l part II, cd into the folder you just cloned in. (the folder you just cloned from git hub is within the new folder)
4m. Check your status with "git status".

5. add a few more changes to your text file.
5a. save changes and close file.
5b. in the command prompt, "git add ."
5c. in the command prompt, "git commit -m "added a few more lines.""
5d. in the command prompt, "git push"

And bring up your github repository showing your (graphs tab, network graph.)

test fo the push repository please ignore .